Add Content (#1)
danielehc/katacoda-scenarios: consul_service_mesh_1/step2.md

#### Add HashiCorp repository in Helm

Once Kubernetes is running, you can add the official HashiCorp Consul Helm chart repo directly from the command line.

`helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com`{{execute}}

The chart helps you automate the installation and configuration of Consul’s core features for Kubernetes.

#### Configure Consul service mesh

This hands-on lab comes with a prepared configuration.

`consul-values.yml`{{open}}

Note the following settings:

* The server key contains parameters related to the server pods. The chart is configured to create one Consul server per Kubernetes node.

> * The Consul “connect” service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the “connect” injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.

Author: ```suggestion
* The Consul service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the service mesh connect injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.
```

#### Add HashiCorp repository in Helm

Once Kubernetes is running, you can add the official HashiCorp Consul Helm chart repo directly from the command line.

`helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com`{{execute}}

The chart helps you automate the installation and configuration of Consul’s core features for Kubernetes.

#### Configure Consul service mesh

This hands-on lab comes with a prepared configuration.

`consul-values.yml`{{open}}

Note the following settings:

* The server key contains parameters related to the server pods. The chart is configured to create one Consul server per Kubernetes node.

> * The Consul “connect” service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the “connect” injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Consul service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the service mesh injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.
```
Dunno if it's a good idea to remove "connect" references from copy when the config entries still explicitly use that name, but I figured I'd call it out.

Reviewer 2: Here is one of those slippery slopes. I would put them both at least on the second statement 
`when the service mesh "connect" injector is enabled`

Author: We'll need to keep Connect since its the setting name. I think Daniele's suggestion of "service mesh connect injector" is good.

> * The Consul “connect” service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the “connect” injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Consul service mesh is enabled by setting the connectInject key to true. When the injector is installed, then a sidecar proxy is automatically added to all pods.
```

> * The Consul web UI update the ui section and set enabled to true.

Reviewer: This sentence seems like it's missing at least one word.

> * The Consul web UI update the ui section and set enabled to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ui section enables Consul web UI.
```

#### Deploy Consul with Helm

You will use `helm install` to deploy Consul using the configuration defined in `consul-values.yml`. This should only take a few minutes. 

`helm install -f ~/consul-values.yml hashicorp hashicorp/consul`{{execute}}

#### Verify the Consul deployment

> To check the deployment process on the command line you can use `kubectl get services` to see which services are being exposed from the Kubernetes cluster, including Consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute `kubectl get services` from the command line to verify the services, including Consul, are being exposed from the Kubernetes cluster.
```
